Add revamped deployment BBEs (#2960)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/azure-functions-deployment/azure_functions_deployment.md

# Azure Functions

> Azure Functions is an event driven, serverless computing platform. Ballerina functions can be deployed in Azure Functions by annotating a Ballerina function with Azure functions annotation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Functions is an event-driven, serverless computing platform. Ballerina functions can be deployed in Azure Functions by annotating a Ballerina function with the Azure functions annotation. 
```

> The Trigger, Input and Output bindings parameter annotations were introduced as per the Azure functions programming model. More information can be found on [Azure Deployment Guide](/learn/deployment/azure-functions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Trigger`, `Input`, and `Output` bindings parameter annotations were introduced as per the Azure functions programming model. For more information, see [Azure deployment](/learn/deployment/azure-functions/).
```
Check and add the exact name of the Learn page as the hypertext. Need to check a d fix all occurrences of it.

::: code azure_functions_deployment.bal :::

> Create a ballerina package and replace the contents of the generated bal file with the contents above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Ballerina package and replace the content of the generated BAL file with the content above.
```

::: out bal_new.out :::

> Build the Ballerina program to generate the Azure Functions artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the Ballerina program to generate the Azure Functions artifacts.
```

::: out bal_build.out :::

> Execute the Azure CLI command given by the compiler to publish the functions (replace with your respective Azure <resource_group> and <function_app_name>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the Azure CLI command given by the compiler to publish the functions (replace with your respective Azure `<resource_group>` and `<function_app_name>`).
```

::: out az_deploy.out :::

> Invoke the HTTP Trigger functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke the `HTTP Trigger` functions.
```

::: out execute_function.out :::

> The `queuePopulationTimer` function is being triggered from the Azure Function App from a timer. You can check the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `queuePopulationTimer` function is being triggered by the Azure Function App from a timer. You can check the 
```

> queue storage to see the output. Details on infrastructure can be found on the [Azure Deployment Guide](/learn/deployment/azure-functions/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queue storage to see the output. For more information on the infrastructure, see [Azure Functions deployment](/learn/deployment/azure-functions/).
```
Same as the above.
